RUMM-441 Update the APM and RUM features docs (#258)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/trace_collection.md

    // ...
    // Then when the span should be closed
    span.finish()

    ```
7. Using Scopes:
   ```kotlin
   val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME1>").start()
   val scope = tracer.activateSpan(span)
   scope.use {
        try{
          // Do something ...
          // ...
          // Start a new Scope
          val childSpan = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME2>").start()          
          tracer.activateSpan(childSpan).use {
             try{
               // Do something ...
             }
             catch(e:Error){
               childSpan.error(e)
             }
          }
        }
        catch(e:Error){
          span.error(e)
        }

>    }

Reviewer: You still need to close the span manually, in a finally clause maybe

   ```
8. Using scopes in Asynchronous calls:
   ```kotlin
   val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME1>").start()
   val scope = tracer.activateSpan(span)
   scope.use {
        try{
          // Do something ...
          doAsynWork {
            // Step 2: reactivate the Span in the worker thread
             val scopeContinuation = tracer.scopeManager().activate(span)
             scopeContinuation.use {
                // Do something ...
             }
          }
          val childSpan = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME2>").start()          
          tracer.activateSpan(childSpan).use {
             try{
               // Do something ...
             }
             catch(e:Error){
               childSpan.error(e)
             }
          }
        }
        catch(e:Error){
          span.error(e)
        }
   }
   ```  

> 9. How to distribute traces between your environments (e.g. frontend - backend):

Reviewer: They don't need to do that by hand, there's the Tracing Interceptor for that

   val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME1>").start()
   try {
     val scope = tracer.activateSpan(span)
     scope.use {
          // Do something ...
          // ...
          // Start a new Scope
          val childSpan = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME2>").start()          
          try {
            tracer.activateSpan(childSpan).use {
               // Do something ...
            }  
          }
          catch(e:Error){
            childSpan.error(e)
          }
          finally {
            childSpan.finish()
          }
      }
   }
   catch(e:Error){
     span.error(e)
   }
   finally {
     span.finish()
   }

   ```
8. Using scopes in Asynchronous calls:
   ```kotlin
   val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME1>").start()
   try{
     val scope = tracer.activateSpan(span)
     scope.use {
        // Do something ...
        doAsynWork {
          // Step 2: reactivate the Span in the worker thread
           val scopeContinuation = tracer.scopeManager().activate(span)
           scopeContinuation.use {
              // Do something ...
           }
        }
      }   
   }
   catch(e:Error){
     span.error(e)
   }
   finally{
     span.finish()
   }

   ```  

> 9. (Optional) How to manually distribute traces between your environments (e.g. frontend - backend):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. (Optional) How to manually distribute traces between your environments, for example frontend - backend:
```

>    * Step 1: Inject Tracer context in the client request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Step 1: Inject tracer context in the client request.
```

   ```kotlin
   val tracer = GlobalTracer.get()
   val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME>").start()
   val tracedRequestBuilder = Request.Builder() ...
   tracer.inject(
           span.context(),
           Format.Builtin.TEXT_MAP_INJECT,
           TextMapInject { key, value ->
               tracedRequestBuilder.addHeader(key, value)
           }
    val HttpRequest request = tracedRequestBuilder.build()

>     // Dispatch the request and close finish the span after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Dispatch the request and finish the span after.
```

   ```

>    * Step 2: Extract the client Tracer context from headers in server code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Step 2: Extract the client tracer context from headers in server code.
```

   ```kotlin
   val receivedRequest = // Your code here ...
   val extractedContext = GlobalTracer.get()
        .extract(
            Format.Builtin.TEXT_MAP_EXTRACT,
            TextMapExtract {
                request.headers()
                    .toMultimap()
                    .map { it.key to it.value.joinToString(";") }
                    .toMap()
                    .toMutableMap()
                    .iterator()
            }
        )
   val serverSpan = tracer.buildSpan("<SERVER_SPAN_NAME>").asChildOf(extractedContext).start()      

   ```

> **Note**: For code bases using the OkHttp client we provide a more straight forward implementation below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: For code bases using the OkHttp client, Datadog provides the implementation below.
```

10. (Optional) - Provide additional tags alongside your span.

    ```kotlin
    span.setTag("http.url", url)
    ```

> 11. (Optional) Attach an error information to a Span:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. (Optional) Attach an error information to a span:
```
